# CSharp-TurtleGraphics
You must write a C# program that allows the user to draw simple images using Turtle Graphics commands. The Logo language made famous the concept of turtle graphics. Imagine a mechanical turtle that walks around the room under the control of a program. The turtle holds a pen in one of two positions, up or down. While the pen is down, the turtle traces out shapes as it moves; while the pen is up, the turtle moves about without writing anything. In this problem, you will simulate the operation of the turtle and create a computerized sketchpad. Use a 20-by-20 integer array named floor, which is initialized to zeros. Use a 2-dimensional array of integers to store the commands that the turtle will execute. At all times, keep track of the current position of the turtle and whether the pen is up or down. Assume that the turtle always starts at position 0,0 of the floor with its pen up. The set of turtle commands your program must process are as follows:  Command Meaning 1                      Pen up 2                      Pen down 3                      Turn right 4                      Turn left 5,10                 Move forward 10 spaces (or a number other than 10) 6                      Print the 20-by-20 array 9                      End of data (sentinel)  Suppose that the turtle is somewhere near the center of the floor. The following “program” would draw and print a 12-by-12 square, leaving the pen in the up position: 2 5,12 3 5,12 3 5,12 3 5,12 1 6 9  As the turtle moves with the pen down, set the appropriate elements of array floor to 1s. When the 6 command (print) is given, wherever there is a 1 in the array, display an asterisk or another character. Wherever there is a zero, display a blank.
